docs(firestore-translate-text): Updated documentation for multiple transactions (#643)
firebase/extensions: firestore-translate-text/PREINSTALL.md

If the original non-translated field of the document is updated, then the translations will be automatically updated, as well.

> #### Multiple collections

Reviewer: Not sure this is right. You can translate multiple fields by passing an object to the input field. 

but you also want to inform the user they can create multiple extensions if they want to target different collections. 

So I'd keep this title `#### Multiple Field Translations` & create another section for different collections.

If the original non-translated field of the document is updated, then the translations will be automatically updated, as well.

#### Multiple collections for translations

To translate through `multiple collections`, it is recommended to install multiple versions of the extension but with a alternative `collection path` for each installation.

There is currently no limit on how many times the extensions can be reinstalled.

#### Multiple field translations

> Similar to multiple collections, to translate with `multiple fields` it is recommended to install multiple versions of the extension but with an alternative `input field` for each installation.

Reviewer: multiple translations happen on the same extension instance. Rather than pass a string to the input field for translation, you can pass an object and every property will be translated. Please update.

If the original non-translated field of the document is updated, then the translations will be automatically updated, as well.

#### Multiple collections for translations

> To translate through `multiple collections`, it is recommended to install multiple versions of the extension but with a alternative `collection path` for each installation.
> 
> There is currently no limit on how many times the extensions can be reinstalled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To translate multiple collections, install this extension multiple times, specifying a different
collection path each time. There is currently no limit on how many instances of an extension you
can install.
```

#### Multiple field translations

> To translate multiple fields, object data can be passed into the `input field`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To translate multiple fields, store a map of input strings in the input field:
```

```js

> admin.firestore().collection('translations').add({
>   'example one': 'example one',
>   'example two': 'example two',
>   'example three': 'example three',
> })

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
admin.firestore().collection('translations').add({
  first: "My name is Bob",
  second: "Hello, friend"
})
```

```
#### Multiple languages

> Multiple translations can be defined when setting up the extension `languages` configuration.
> 
> The languages are identified using ISO-639-1 codes in a comma-separated list, for example: en,es,de,fr. For these codes, visit the [supported languages list](https://cloud.google.com/translate/docs/languages).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To translate text into multiple languages, set the `languages` parameter to a comma-separated list
of languages, such as `en,fr,de`. See the [supported languages list](https://cloud.google.com/translate/docs/languages).
```

> `#### Additional setup

Reviewer 2: stray backtick

Author: Thanks, updated!
